hello are you the spartan channel friends
haha inside video
hello very good to all geeks of
youtube here is an expert in commenting
as is natural another new shine space
this time he's going to make the negotiator
weapon that is sister of the evangelizadora
but that does not look like anything
to start as almost always
we will apply a standard heavy framework
as you already know if we can be of
elite while it is heavy everything is worth
the next thing we have to add are
two external cores both above and
down is to say the two tools
both lower and higher must be
of core tesla now comes the good thing
as primary or main adapter and what
that we will add
although a little special is a
precision adapter yes it is true that
I can choose the negotiator who is
the original but I guess those who do not
have this pack because they can not use
this accessory but luckily the
precision labrador is really
similar to this improvement
as adapted the secondary we can use
the default that is the classic the
original of the negotiator
in reality that is the one that should
show you but I like the modified to
I like the compressor
what are you going to see that launches
good the case is that to create the
real negotiator the original only
you will have to put in adapter
secondary
the default and so you spend less
your breasts is scarce fuck
Well, after creating the soul, we are going to
try it
the illusion does not have proof launches that
nothing congratulates you to make play games
previous dead space
remembering him
Main shot as the typical
contact ray is to say you have to
press lr1 wait for it to be recharged
and releasing so the longer you are
squeezing more powerful will be your shot
with the special ingredient of riot is
the idea of ​​electric shock
for the second classic shot of space
the typical finished
as default this is a case of
scorers that is pretty much better but
good to do what you want in your
nation and as I say I have always been not
forget to subscribe for more guides and
I make space like these and like many more
What do I have left?
greetings here spartan us day to
day